Read sheet (#66)
elasticio/gspreadsheets: README.md

Action read spreadsheet. This action is based on [Google Spreadsheets API v4](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/reference/rest/v4/spreadsheets/get). All data structures and limitations are the same to Google API.

> *Note*: Place your table it top left corner to data be processed in right way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Important!*: Place (start) your table in the top left corner (cell) for data to be processed in the right way. 
```
